Apologizing for the Incident
Chapter 2
Explaining the Precautions
Chapter 3
Reassuring He's Okay
Chapter 4
Apologizing for Disrupting the Date
Chapter 5
Friends Arriving for the Date
Chapter 6
Announcing the Song
Chapter 7
Singing the Anniversary Song
Chapter 8
Appreciating the Song
NOTE Subtitles
Oh my God, Bernie. What happened? Well,
let's just say the next time you move a dozen vials of raccoon virus to the
fridge, make trips.
[Applause]
[Laughter]
You're sure you're okay? Yeah, it's just a precaution. If there was a problem,
I'd be throwing up out of my eyeballs by now.
Sorry, Mr. Burdett. No, don't worry about it. I
brought the date here. Guys, come on in.
What's all this? Well, tonight is the
anniversary of our date, and I wanted to celebrate it
by writing a song for you.
Sheldon, get over here. She might be
contagious. You think I'm having a rough
[Laughter]
[Applause]
enough day?
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
If I didn't have you, life would be
blue. I'd be Doctor Who without the
Tardis. Is it me or do you not look so good?
[Laughter]
A candle without a wick. A Watson without a crick. I'd be
of my outfits. Without a dicky. I'd be cheese
without the Mac. Jobs without the
Wozniak. I'd be solving exponential equations that use
bases not found on your calculator, making much harder to crack.
Abby and Adam without a bomb, a dot without the com.
And I probably still live with my mom,
and he probably still live with his mom.
Ever since I met you. You turned my world around. You
supported all my dreams and all my hopes. You're like
[Music]
uranium and I'm uranium.
Almost inseparable
isotopes.
[Music]
I couldn't have imagined how
good my life would get from the
[Music]
moment that I met you,
Bernadette. If I
[Music]
didn't have you. Here
I'd be string theory without any string. I'd be
[Music]
binary code without a, a cathode ray. Without an electron gun, I'd be
Firefly, Buffy, and Avengers. Without Joss Whedon, I'd speak a
lot more Klingon. Colockum bomb.
And he'd definitely still live with his mom.
Ever since I met you, you turned my world around.
You're my best friend and my lover. We're,
[Music]
like, changing electric and magnetic
fields. You can't have
[Music]
without the other.
I couldn't have imagined how good
my life would get from the
moment that I met you,
[Music]
Bernadette. Oh,
we couldn't have a night.
[Music]
How good our lives would get.
From the moment that we met.
Further down.
[Music]
[Applause]
That was amazing. Look. I'm shaking.
She's sick. I knew it by.
[Laughter]